Changelog 4.5.0 (#3934)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* **New Resource:** google_container_azure_client ([#3928](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3928))
* **New Resource:** google_container_azure_cluster ([#3928](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3928))
* **New Resource:** google_container_azure_node_pool ([#3928](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3928))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* bigquery: added the `return_table_type` field to `google_bigquery_routine` ([#3922](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3922))
* cloudbuild: added support for `available_secrets` to `google_cloudbuild_trigger` ([#3907](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3907))
* cloudfunctions: added support for `min_instances` to `google_cloudfunctions_function` ([#3904](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3904))
* composer: added support for Private Service Connect by adding field `cloud_composer_connection_subnetwork` in `google_composer_environment` ([#3912](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3912))

> * compute: `google_compute_instance`'s `can_ip_forward` can now be updated without recreating or restarting the instance. ([#3920](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3920))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: fixed bug where `google_compute_instance`'s `can_ip_forward` could not be updated without recreating or restarting the instance. ([#3920](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3920))
```

> * compute: added field `public_access_prevention` to resource `bucket` (beta) ([#3919](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3919))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: added field `public_access_prevention` to resource `bucket` ([#3919](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3919))
```

* compute: added support for regional external HTTP(S) load balancer ([#3916](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3916))
* privateca: added support for setting default values for basic constraints for `google_privateca_certificate`, `google_privateca_certificate_authority`, and `google_privateca_ca_pool` via the `non_ca` and `zero_max_issuer_path_length` fields ([#3902](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3902))

> * provider: gRPC requests and response logging have been enabled ([#3910](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3910))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* provider: enabled gRPC requests and response logging ([#3910](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3910))
```
